h1. Rack::Webauth

Rack middleware to acquire authentication information from a "Stanford WebAuth":http://www.stanford.edu/services/webauth/ system.

h2. Documentation

Is available from "here":http://rubydoc.info/github/nilclass/rack-webauth/master/frames.

h2. Usage in any rack based app:

<pre>
  # In a rack environment:
  use(Rack::Webauth)

  # In a view or controller:
  include(Rack::Webauth::Helpers)

  # In a before filter or helper
  # or other middleware:
  @current_user = User.find_by_login(webauth.login)

  # or whatever...
</pre>

h2. Usage in rails:

<pre>
  # config/application.rb:
    require 'rack-webauth'
    config.middleware.use(Rack::Webauth)

  # ApplicationController:
    include(Rack::Webauth::Helpers)
    # optionally:
    delegate :logged_in?, :to => :webauth
</pre>


h2. WebAuthOptional

If you want to make your site publicly available, but still enable WebAuth and have that information
in your Rails application, you need a patch to WebAuth. It is available from "here":https://mailman.stanford.edu/pipermail/webauth-info/2011-January/000705.html. Also see the corresponding "thread":https://mailman.stanford.edu/pipermail/webauth-info/2011-January/thread.html#699 for more information.

h2. License Information

Copyright (C) 2011 Niklas E. Cathor

rack-webauth is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as
published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of
the License, or (at your option) any later version.

rack-webauth is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
License along with rack-webauth. If not, see "www.gnu.org/licenses":http://www.gnu.org/licenses/

